rev-parse rev-parse --show-toplevel
rev-parse rev-parse --is-inside-work-tree
rev-parse rev-parse --abbrev-ref origin/HEAD
rev-parse rev-parse --abbrev-ref HEAD
rev-parse rev-parse --show-toplevel
rev-parse rev-parse --show-toplevel
rev-parse rev-parse --is-inside-work-tree
rev-parse rev-parse --abbrev-ref origin/HEAD
rev-parse rev-parse --abbrev-ref HEAD
rev-parse rev-parse --show-toplevel
rev-parse rev-parse --show-toplevel
rev-parse rev-parse --is-inside-work-tree
rev-parse rev-parse --abbrev-ref origin/HEAD
rev-parse rev-parse --abbrev-ref HEAD
rev-parse rev-parse --show-toplevel
rev-parse rev-parse --show-toplevel
rev-parse rev-parse --is-inside-work-tree
rev-parse rev-parse --abbrev-ref origin/HEAD
rev-parse rev-parse --abbrev-ref HEAD
rev-parse rev-parse --show-toplevel
rev-parse rev-parse --show-toplevel
rev-parse rev-parse --show-toplevel
rev-parse rev-parse --show-toplevel
rev-parse rev-parse --show-toplevel
rev-parse rev-parse --show-toplevel
rev-parse rev-parse --show-toplevel
